=======================================================
                 Salary Analysis Dashboard
                         Tableau Project
=======================================================

Project Description:
---------------------
This Tableau project provides an in-depth analysis of employee 
salary data segmented by various factors, including job type, 
experience level, company size, and geographic location. The 
dashboard uses multiple visualizations to offer insights into 
salary distribution trends across different employment categories.

Key Features:
-------------
- **Experience Level Distribution**: 
  Displays the percentage of employees at each experience level.
  
- **Company Size by Location**: 
  Shows company size distribution across different locations.
  
- **Employment Type Distribution**: 
  Highlights the dominance of full-time, part-time, freelance, 
  and contract jobs.
  
- **Top 10 Employee Residences**: 
  Lists the top countries by employee count.
  
- **Salary by Employment Type and Experience Level**: 
  Analyzes salary trends based on job type and experience level.
  
- **Average Salary by Job and Experience Level**: 
  Offers insights into how different job roles and experience 
  levels impact earnings.
  
- **Average Salary by Country**: 
  Maps average salaries globally for easy geographic comparison.

Technologies Used:
------------------
- Tableau

Summary:
--------
This project demonstrates my skills in data visualization, data 
segmentation, and trend analysis using Tableau. The dashboard is 
designed to provide clear insights into salary patterns across 
various dimensions, making it useful for stakeholders interested 
in workforce demographics and compensation trends.

=======================================================
=======================================================
                 Salary Analysis Dashboard
                         Tableau Project
=======================================================

Project Description:
---------------------
This Tableau project provides an in-depth analysis of employee 
salary data segmented by various factors, including job type, 
experience level, company size, and geographic location. The 
dashboard uses multiple visualizations to offer insights into 
salary distribution trends across different employment categories.

Key Features:
-------------
- **Experience Level Distribution**: 
  Displays the percentage of employees at each experience level.
  
- **Company Size by Location**: 
  Shows company size distribution across different locations.
  
- **Employment Type Distribution**: 
  Highlights the dominance of full-time, part-time, freelance, 
  and contract jobs.
  
- **Top 10 Employee Residences**: 
  Lists the top countries by employee count.
  
- **Salary by Employment Type and Experience Level**: 
  Analyzes salary trends based on job type and experience level.
  
- **Average Salary by Job and Experience Level**: 
  Offers insights into how different job roles and experience 
  levels impact earnings.
  
- **Average Salary by Country**: 
  Maps average salaries globally for easy geographic comparison.

Technologies Used:
------------------
- Tableau

Summary:
--------
This project demonstrates my skills in data visualization, data 
segmentation, and trend analysis using Tableau. The dashboard is 
designed to provide clear insights into salary patterns across 
various dimensions, making it useful for stakeholders interested 
in workforce demographics and compensation trends.

=======================================================
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d7788aa-286e-4bee-bc6d-4668cd7d661f)
